Welcome back.
I wanted to show you one other package.
Mind you we have a video coming up on useful belt in packages and python and we'll go over some of my
favorites but I want to show you one that's a little bit different than what we've seen which is random.
And this one is called sis for system now import sis.
If I do something like let's say print sis and I click Run I get a module sis built in and so this is
a really really useful one that you're going to see a lot of now with Sis.
You can do something really interesting.
For example sis has something called a RG The and AIG V gives you some interesting powers you see up
until this point we've just kind of ran our code inside our idea but what if we had a terminal here
on our desktop.
And by the way see over here that we have the V and V again something that will cover so don't worry.
Now in here I have a one dot pi file which is completely empty.
It doesn't do anything so let's just open that up.
I'm going to open it up with sublime text just because it'll be easy and in here I'll just say print
Hi.
So this is a python file that lives on my desktop.
So I'm going to save that and imagined here that I did Python 3 and then do one dot pi if I ran this
I get high from my terminal because this files on desktop and I ran the Python interpreter on this but
what if I wanted to do something interesting what if I wanted to give parameters to this file perhaps
say that my name is Andre well with SIS dot A.R. GV we can actually access those and I can give it as
many parameters as I want.
So let's give it another one like this.
Let's go back to wound up by once again open up with supply and in here I'm going to import Sis Sis
are GV and I can access these parameters like this by an index.
So zero index will be Andre and one index will be negative.
So let's try that.
I'm going to say first equals sis dot RG v zero and then last will be cis dot RG V one so that now I
can do an F string and say hi first
just like that so if I say this and now go back to here and ran my file like this.
All right.
I get high.
One dot pie.
Andre and I made a little bit of a mistake here.
It looks like the first index is actually the file name.
And then you get the optional names.
So it's an easy fix right.
All we have to do is say 1 and 2 if I save that and click Run look at that I get high.
Andre Natalie now using this knowledge that we've gathered so far.
I want you to use the built in module this sis and the RG V to build a game I want to game where I can
run it like this from the terminal or the command prompt where it's going to ask me for an input and
say hey guess a number between one and 10 and it's going to let me keep guessing until I get that number
right.
So you might want to use I don't know the random module that we've learned so we'll take a break try
to create that.
Now this game beyond just asking for a user's input and giving you a guess 1 to 10 can also be customized
so that instead of just let's say running the file I can also do something like Python 3 run the file
let's say that this test file is going to be called random game dot PI that we're going to write and
in here I can give it options of let's say one and one hundred.
And this program is going to take using System args GP the number from start to end.
So this game is gonna be really difficult because we're going to try and guess a number one to one hundred
or one to let's say to which makes the game really simple.
So again the goal is for you to write a program.
Call it random gained pi ask a user to guess a number let's say between 1 and 10 get that information
try to randomly generate a number want to 10 the user is going to be asked when I can get prompted hey
I want you to guess a number want to 10 and from there we're going to keep guessing keep guessing keep
guessing until I get a right and hopefully at the end say you're a genius or if I keep getting it wrong
well it's going to keep asking me until I get it right and maybe do a couple of validation as well to
make sure that the user actually enters what we want good luck and I'll see you in the answer video.